R4R: mint use total supply instead of power (#3654)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: PENDING.md

* Gaia

* SDK

>   * \#3646 Mint use total supply instead of total power

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * \#3646 `x/mint` now uses total token supply instead of total bonded tokens to calculate inflation
```

Reviewer: (applied)
